Netmiko (#26716)
demisto/content: Packs/Netmiko/README.md

This pack provides a method for interacting with network devices via SSH. 

> For a complete list of supported platforms provided by the Netmiko python module, please reference the below URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete list of supported platforms provided by the Netmiko python module, reference the following URL.
```
